[Music]
are you deaf yeah I'm deaf wait a second
come here a second
Chris
oh my God
oh my God why is it a hexagon well now I
know that Chris's butt looks exactly
like a like button what are the odds
like the video
yes Chris we all saw your billboard all
right we get to be death today oh yeah
look at this fool he's too busy living
it up in the big city with his business
job he needs to learn the true meaning
of Christmas oh I want to put scissors
in his oh I'm gonna spill water oh my
God he got electrocuted okay
that's one way to do it your soul is
forfeit hours now give me give me give
me all right how we gonna take this guy
out oh can I hit him with the soap are
we in prison please hit him with the
soap he's stinky oh wait we gotta put
the oh oh so he goes to get the towel oh
my gosh oh my gosh okay well that one I
feel like I barely did anything I feel
like that wasn't my fault I'm pretty
sure that was him that was good okay
this is this is just not the victim
plane but this is just asking for it
yeah what what are you doing I hope they
get harder feed your dog but it's
literally called killed by the hook gee
I wonder how he's gonna die can we at
least be the dog before he dies
um Hey where's the dog's food they eat
oh oh great now the dog candy oh wait is
it swinging more no he just hit him with
a shovel put the shovel on there it's a
hook and oh
the whiskers all right oh wait the dog's
name is dog his name's on the bowl look
at my dog look away dog he's like hey
pretty cool I guess death likes coconut
Pepsi wouldn't have guessed that he
seems more like a like an RC Cola kind
of guy you know yeah yeah the
off-brander you know how dare you speak
ill of RC Cola
have you ever looked closely at the RC's
logo it's just me oh it is you oh all
right Dale do we get to furnish his
house because all mobile games have this
for some reason like it's just
inexplicably necessary for all mobile
games like hey you can furnish your
house so you can buy a different couch
who
good because he has Lady skeletons
coming over oh choke to death oh my gosh
okay uh stop reading the titles they're
spoilers give them some soda pop and
then hit over the remote oh my God oh
he's gonna show up on the road but
it's not you could pull that out none of
it goes too far oh my God zombie oh can
I oh you hit with a hammer wake up
zombie pick up we're gonna move on the
fire is that the zombies gold I'm very
excuse me steal the treasure it's mine
oh look at all those chocolate coins
global warming is the real zombie
oh my goodness well good thing that guy
was a dummy filled with raspberry jam
right wink wink yes that's all raspberry
jam and ketchup stop painting stop that
why are you painting
I don't like it cow get him yeah oh no
here we go
Move Along balls hate red guardium Now
That's What I Call mooicide he barely
touched them
buter there I found it
well I have a headache now that was
really I've never concentrated that hard
in my life stop
doll so you didn't think of an awesome
pun oh you're the pumpkin Reaper oh it's
Halloween costume time perfect for March
for April whatever month it is okay so
what there's two or eight people
whistling
oh oh dang it is she outsmarted us yeah
the brakes are pretty good on this old
thing do we cut the brakes give me the
brakes give me a break of that KitKat oh
she got impaled by the world's biggest
green bean she was on her way to
Guinness records
I grew the biggest green bean in the
universe we all need that like we need
another hole in the head I've already
got seven oh my gosh oh
oh blood in the water blood in the water
it's like stepping on the Legos
oh
baby shark baby yes see it's the
importance of chewing he's gotta have
good Digestive Health yeah produce
Sharky let's see thong to death maybe
don't do archery right by
e oh he made it heavier okay maybe put
on the bottom it'll make it lighter
there you go no no
that's not how it works aim slightly
higher you jerk wait put the brick on
the target it'll bounce it oh oh put it
in the bird's nest oh that's what I said
was having an allergic reaction to bees
I knew it he's like I want to get rid of
all the half the bees in the universe
but I gotta cover my tracks otherwise
otherwise I'll go to jail so I'm just
gonna get rid of everyone so I can't be
sued for discrimination there you go
Thanos is woke man dude whoa Thanos is
legally hip oh boy it can we freaking
decorate no he wants to have a football
that's not a gold football all right oh
what's the matter he wants a key oh he
doesn't apparently want the key okay
I don't like using keys I'm just gonna
shake this whole house he's a murderer
there's a family in there that he's
after he murdered himself yes it looks
like he got what he wanted oh I like
trains you do I do what I try wow it's
safe let's see can I oh I'm gonna cover
this and all the smokes would come
inside classic asphyxiation
oh we got here give him some boxing
gloves no that'll just make him even
tougher in the butt with a needle oh
steroids see too many oh you do put it
in this bug okay oh he's just strong was
he banged oh my gosh
coming out of his mouth he's gonna have
a sore throat tomorrow he's not gonna
have a throat today
drink Coke
photo oh we got a free Spin bro we gotta
take it the bubbles tickle my pumpkin
that's a brand new sentence right there
dang right hit the wrong button
I like how the the gold coins have
little skulls on them that's like if I
use cash they just had little sea Tops
on them sea bucks that's what I pay
Kristen you tried that one time that's
why we got kicked out of Target one of
many automobile thrill show just
standing under the ramp with my six-pack
and bandana doing some sweet moves now
it's going too high okay no we gotta
flying it out oh geez right at the
Pringle backer is that a clown car it's
a tiny it's a it's like an RC car but it
got a random Dingle danger I think that
shouldn't feel the crush him but okay oh
stop kissing I'm pissed off stop tying
dogs to tables that's me right here have
a beer whoa okay it's awesome I want to
kiss him too yeah the shirts just
stabbed me though so here we go get it
boy get it yeah yeah that's why you
don't that's why you don't oh do that
two for one don't choke on the bones dog
that's why I don't don't just be cool
clean up all the mess dog eat them eat
them doggy
oh scary clown
are you happy now Chris now we're a
creepy clown
I don't like it
oh here you go drink this drink it drink
it okay that'll make you even better
throwing grenades yeah it's grape juice
huh okay wake up the dog oh is he gonna
chase the grenade and bring it back now
fetch boy fetch oh yeah run ducky I'll
get the dog ran away the dog is okay oh
he got Looney Tune turned into there's a
pile of Ash that was the most cartoon
Death ever I loved it oh yeah
[Music]
all right can we turn up the sounds
vaporize him oh no here we go drink some
hot sauce There You Go dress hot sauce
what yeah you can't hear it's still out
of here sorry a ghost put that there oh
my gosh why do you try to shoot her oh I
mean she did like didn't drink hot sauce
and that seems like a bit of an extreme
reaction it's a little bit of a reaction
oh you made my tongue a little hot imma
kill you then as if we're ever on that
show hot ones he's like here eat this
Wing num num I was like yeah
damn
shows called hot ones I didn't know it
was gonna be hot beef shot alone
is that his UFO I'm very confused by
this it's got his face on it of course
it did I'm gonna start digging up is
there an alien in there all right let's
plant the flag down here how about that
there you go oh yeah oh that's why he
was digging I don't think you need a
flight ah oh my God oh my goodness curse
you glorp let's go to war
wall and now billions die from
interplanetary War and the creepy Cloud
drinks more soda oh boy
they're kind of makes sense like soda is
very unhealthy I guess death would want
you to drink it don't drink soda kids
hmm sweet Dragon uh I'm gonna take the
cake is Cloak I don't know what the
Harry Potter Dragon wake up wake up
dragon you have some boots oh
why didn't he just use a cloak again
he's like that looks great time to use
some really heavy loud boots you
freaking idiot you have chosen poorly
clearly see this is good safety tips for
watching you always have someone hold
the ladder I don't care how safe you
think it is and you never straddle it
yeah never do that and never work
Greener overalls with a yellow shirt
that's just dumb yeah
you look so surprised where'd she go
it's watered off he's like oh no I
killed him okay I guess I can just have
his stuff now it was ruled an accident
we've got so much money I'm sure glad
these terrible mobile games aren't
creating a generation of kids entirely
addicted to gambling oh wait wait they
are just one more spin sea thought
please just one more two more oh no
drink the green stuff oh we gotta use
Brown because his soda is already Brown
Chris oh it's not awful that's doo-doo
baby he's the smartest guy in the
universe all right just look at him yeah
he can tell colors
intelligence test oh well yeah I gotta
put that right down there because oh the
colon 40. oh we're the only his face
turned green all the money in the world
fabulous chandeliers and nothing says
entertaining as a ball and a paddle
really tells you something use this
pedal instead he's really holding that
paddle well basketball your house is
very poorly built it's probably ah damn
contract you screwed me again how did
that even happen contractors Chris
that's more Cola well you little you
shouldn't be right in the back of a
pickup truck I'll put your stone over
there go get it dang it oh put it on top
of the purple part there you go yeah
it's up here now they end up and get it
couldn't look at some mischievous is he
going to be okay yeah he's fine he's
okay I was scared there
so the duct tape what is this guy doing
what's this button do
little dog fight me right out of my
chest it hurt I think it's just a shirt
Eagle oh here's the thing oh can we put
a book in it yes yes put a book in it
like get distracted by your cell phone I
have a book reading is important yeah no
I see shouldn't we just let his IV run
out oh yeah that was asleep oh so he
can't call for more oh oh yeah oh it's
going backwards that's that's not how
any of this works it's called science
look it up all right hold on a second
how many cues are excited Seventeen
falling objects okay give him the spray
why is he screaming I didn't do anything
yet why is he he doesn't like it when I
handle this right though ah no I don't
want to clean it it's like trying to
give Chris a bath no don't don't do it
you have buckets I like smell like
Doodles that better oh oh I don't think
that he secured those things properly oh
my what was that why is it an anchor I
need something heavy to hold me up this
building I know how about an anchor OSHA
would be mad if that's my balloon you
stupid bird here throw a piece of meat
at them
Bye Bird excellent service oh
it slowed down at the end there she okay
is she okay yeah she just fell on a
pizza that's why I don't trust Eagles
I've got me booty in my bananas oh you
do have a booty it's right there on your
back I have some bananas eat those you
don't want to get scattered don't eat
your own smash man and never get high in
your own Supply can we put oh oh that'll
do it I think it was a very dry boat
they should have made it that tissue
paper
if there's a flow to the parade leave it
like if you guys enjoy wanna see more
something whatever this game's called
bye bye love you
watch out I just rapid fired at you bro